Number of improvements (#57)
cfw-guide/dsi.cfw.guide: _pages/en_US/home.md

## What is homebrew?

[Homebrew](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homebrew_(video_games)) applications are unlicensed software made for closed systems such as the Nintendo DSi. These applications can range from utilities to custom homebrew games.

Homebrew can be run for free on all Nintendo DSi consoles, regardless of firmware version or region. All you need is an entry point and an SD card to store your homebrew. The main entry point used in this guide is called Memory Pit, but there are other entry points you can use if Memory Pit is unusable.

## What will this guide do to my system?

Keep in mind that the guide is structured in a linear path, yet it generally depends on how deep you want to go in terms of modding the system.

- We will be setting up an entry point to launch basic homebrew via Memory Pit, the exploit for the Nintendo DSi Camera application
- We will then take a NAND backup, which is useful as a restoration point in case you mess up later on
- For users that want more control, we will walk them through installing Unlaunch. Unlaunch allows homebrew to run with more permissions (such as slot-1 access) and at system boot

>    - Installing Unlaunch modifies your NAND, and in extreme edge cases has the potential to **brick** the system. If you do not risk bricking, you can stop after taking a NAND backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Installing Unlaunch modifies your NAND and in rare circumstances can **brick** the system. If you do not want to take that risk, you can stop after making a NAND backup
```
Were talking about this on Discord, I'm gonna say this as my favorite so far but comment other ideas too if you want

## What is homebrew?

[Homebrew](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homebrew_(video_games)) applications are unlicensed software made for closed systems such as the Nintendo DSi. These applications can range from utilities to custom homebrew games.

> Homebrew can be run for free on all Nintendo DSi consoles, regardless of firmware version or region. All you need is an entry point and an SD card to store your homebrew. The main entry point used in this guide will be called Memory Pit, but there are other entry points you could use if Memory Pit is unusable.

Author: smh, the dude who wrote this. I can't believe someone would write such a thing :eyes:.
Good catch. I'll add it in and commit it as a batch.
